Update denylist.mdx (#1062)
helium/docs: docs/mine-hnt/denylist.mdx

**Will the Denylist have the ability to block data transfer or rewards for data transfer?**

Yes, any Hotspot considered ‘denied’ of Proof of Coverage rewards will still be able to act as a 
data-only Hotspot, providing data transfer network coverage where possible, but these hotspots will 

> be blocked from data transfer rewards. Beacause tt is generally the case that these Hotspots did not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
be blocked from data transfer rewards. Because it is generally the case that these Hotspots did not
```
